README.md, before:

# fuck-coding-interviews

[![build](https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/CI?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/actions)
[![coverage](https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews?style=flat-square)](https://codecov.io/gh/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews)
[![requirements](https://img.shields.io/requires/github/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews?style=flat-square)](https://requires.io/github/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/requirements/)

This repository is created by [a clumsy programmer](https://leetcode.com/vinta/) who always struggles with coding problems on LeetCode, even with some **Easy** questions.

> How on earth can I ever think of a solution like that in an interview?!

I'm working on implementing common Algorithms and Data Structures in Python (with test cases, of course), as well as straightforward solutions to some LeetCode and HackerRank problems which I solved with frustration in mind.

Well, there are SO MUCH things to learn in Computer Science. I'm just a peasant who happens to write some crappy code for living.

**This project requires Python 3.6 or higher.**

## Contents

- `algorithms/`
    - `hashing/`
        - [mad](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/algorithms/hashing/mad_compression.py)
    - `math/`
        - [factorial](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/algorithms/math/factorial.py)
        - [fibonacci](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/algorithms/math/fibonacci.py)
    - `searching/`
        - [binary_search](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/algorithms/searching/binary_search.py)
        - [binary_search_left_bound](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/algorithms/searching/binary_search_left_bound.py)
        - [linear_search](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/algorithms/searching/linear_search.py)
    - `sorting/`
        - [bubble_sort](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/algorithms/sorting/bubble_sort.py)
        - [heap_sort](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/algorithms/sorting/heap_sort.py)
        - [insertion_sort](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/algorithms/sorting/insertion_sort.py)
        - [quick_sort](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/algorithms/sorting/quick_sort.py)
        - [selection_sort](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/algorithms/sorting/selection_sort.py)
- `data_structures/`
    - `arrays/`
        - [circular_array](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/data_structures/arrays/circular_array.py)
        - [dynamic_array](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/data_structures/arrays/dynamic_array.py)
    - `hash_maps`
        - [chain_hash_map](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/data_structures/hash_maps/chain_hash_map.py)
        - [linear_probing_hash_map](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/data_structures/hash_maps/linear_probing_hash_map.py)
        - [sorted_table_map](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/data_structures/hash_maps/sorted_table_map.py)
        - [unsorted_table_map](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/data_structures/hash_maps/unsorted_table_map.py)
    - `heaps`
        - [array_based_binary_heap](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/data_structures/heaps/array_based_binary_heap.py)
    - `linked_lists/`
        - [doubly_linked_list](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/data_structures/linked_lists/doubly_linked_list.py)
        - [singly_linked_list](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/data_structures/linked_lists/singly_linked_list.py)
    - `queues/`
        - [array_based_queue](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/data_structures/queues/array_based_queue.py)
        - [circular_array_based_queue](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/data_structures/queues/circular_array_based_queue.py)
        - [doubly_linked_list_based_deque](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/data_structures/queues/doubly_linked_list_based_deque.py)
        - [heap_based_priority_queue](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/data_structures/queues/heap_based_priority_queue.py)
        - [linked_list_based_queue](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/data_structures/queues/linked_list_based_queue.py)
    - `sets/`
        - [mutable_set](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/data_structures/sets/mutable_set.py)
    - `stacks/`
        - [array_based_stack](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/data_structures/stacks/array_based_stack.py)
        - [linked_list_based_stack](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/data_structures/stacks/linked_list_based_stack.py)
    - `trees/`
        - [binary_search_tree](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/data_structures/trees/binary_search_tree.py)
        - [binary_tree_serialization](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/data_structures/trees/binary_tree_serialization.py)
- `problems/`
    - [add_two_numbers](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/add_two_numbers.py) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-two-numbers/)
    - [balanced_binary_tree](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/balanced_binary_tree.py) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/balanced-binary-tree/)
    - [best_time_to_buy_and_sell_stock](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/best_time_to_buy_and_sell_stock.py) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock/)
    - [big_countries](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/big_countries.sql) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/big-countries/)
    - [binary_tree_inorder_traversal](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/binary_tree_inorder_traversal.py) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-inorder-traversal/)
    - [binary_tree_level_order_traversal](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/binary_tree_level_order_traversal.py) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-level-order-traversal/)
    - [binary_tree_postorder_traversal](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/binary_tree_postorder_traversal.py) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-postorder-traversal/)
    - [binary_tree_preorder_traversal](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/binary_tree_preorder_traversal.py) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-preorder-traversal/)
    - [check_completeness_of_a_binary_tree](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/check_completeness_of_a_binary_tree.py) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/check-completeness-of-a-binary-tree/)
    - [container_with_most_water](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/container_with_most_water.py) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/container-with-most-water/)
    - [contains_duplicate](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/contains_duplicate.py) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/contains-duplicate/)
    - [fibonacci_number](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/fibonacci_number.py) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/fibonacci-number/)
    - [find_minimum_in_rotated_sorted_array](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/find_minimum_in_rotated_sorted_array.py) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-minimum-in-rotated-sorted-array/)
    - [fizz_buzz](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/fizz_buzz.py) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/fizz-buzz/)
    - [group_anagrams](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/group_anagrams.py) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/group-anagrams/)
    - [implement_strstr](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/implement_strstr.py) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/implement-strstr/)
    - [invert_binary_tree](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/invert_binary_tree.py) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/invert-binary-tree/)
    - [is_subsequence](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/is_subsequence.py) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/is-subsequence/)
    - [linked_list_cycle](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/linked_list_cycle.py) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/linked-list-cycle/)
    - [maximum_product_subarray](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/maximum_product_subarray.py) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-product-subarray/)
    - [maximum_subarray](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/maximum_subarray.py) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-subarray/)
    - [merge_intervals](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/merge_intervals.py) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-intervals/)
    - [nth_highest_salary](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/nth_highest_salary.sql) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/nth-highest-salary/)
    - [product_of_array_except_self](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/product_of_array_except_self.py) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/product-of-array-except-self/)
    - [rank_scores](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/rank_scores.sql) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/rank-scores/)
    - [remove_nth_node_from_end_of_list](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/remove_nth_node_from_end_of_list.py) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-nth-node-from-end-of-list/)
    - [reverse_integer](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/reverse_integer.py) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-integer/)
    - [reverse_linked_list](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/reverse_linked_list.py) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-linked-list/)
    - [same_tree](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/same_tree.py) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/same-tree/)
    - [search_in_a_binary_search_tree](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/search_in_a_binary_search_tree.py) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/search-in-a-binary-search-tree/)
    - [second_highest_salary](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/second_highest_salary.sql) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/second-highest-salary/)
    - [serialize_and_deserialize_binary_tree](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/serialize_and_deserialize_binary_tree.py) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/serialize-and-deserialize-binary-tree/)
    - [sock_merchant](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/sock_merchant.py) from [HackerRank](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/sock-merchant/problem)
    - [subsets](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/subsets.py) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/subsets/)
    - [task_scheduler](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/task_scheduler.py) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/task-scheduler/)
    - [three_sum](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/three_sum.py) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/3sum/)
    - [top_k_frequent_elements](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/top_k_frequent_elements.py) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/top-k-frequent-elements/)
    - [tree_height_of_a_binary_tree](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/tree_height_of_a_binary_tree.py) from [HackerRank](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/tree-height-of-a-binary-tree/problem)
    - [tree_top_view](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/tree_top_view.py) from [HackerRank](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/tree-top-view/problem)
    - [two_sum](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/two_sum.py) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/)
    - [valid_anagram](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/valid_anagram.py) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-anagram/)
    - [valid_parentheses](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/valid_parentheses.py) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-parentheses/)
    - [validate_binary_search_tree](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/validate_binary_search_tree.py) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/validate-binary-search-tree/)

## Tests

```bash
# Install packages
$ pip install -U pip poetry
$ poetry install

# Run tests
$ poetry run pytest --benchmark-skip
```

And no, you shouldn't use `pipenv` anymore. Actually, the plain old `requirements.txt` with `virtualenv` is good enough in most of the situations.

## Bugs

If you find any bug or poor implementation in this repo, please let me know by opening an issue or pull request. Me and my cats would appreciate your help since they provide some random strings which are used in two of test cases.

## Resources

### Books

- [Grokking Algorithms](https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/grokking-algorithms-an/9781617292231/)
- [A Common-Sense Guide to Data Structures and Algorithms](https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/a-common-sense-guide/9781680502794/)
- [Data Structures and Algorithms in Python](https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/data-structures-and/9781118290279/)
- [Cracking the Coding Interview](http://www.crackingthecodinginterview.com/)

### Websites

- [Tech Interview Handbook](https://yangshun.github.io/tech-interview-handbook/)
- [Visualize Python Code Execution](http://www.pythontutor.com/live.html#mode=edit)

Commit message:

add Maximum Depth of Binary Tree from LeetCode

README.md, after:

# fuck-coding-interviews

[![build](https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/CI?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/actions)
[![coverage](https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews?style=flat-square)](https://codecov.io/gh/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews)
[![requirements](https://img.shields.io/requires/github/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews?style=flat-square)](https://requires.io/github/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/requirements/)

This repository is created by [a clumsy programmer](https://leetcode.com/vinta/) who always struggles with coding problems on LeetCode, even with some **Easy** questions.

> How on earth can I ever think of a solution like that in an interview?!

I'm working on implementing common Algorithms and Data Structures in Python (with test cases, of course), as well as straightforward solutions to some LeetCode and HackerRank problems which I solved with frustration in mind.

Well, there are SO MUCH things to learn in Computer Science. I'm just a peasant who happens to write some crappy code for living.

**This project requires Python 3.6 or higher.**

## Contents

- `algorithms/`
    - `hashing/`
        - [mad](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/algorithms/hashing/mad_compression.py)
    - `math/`
        - [factorial](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/algorithms/math/factorial.py)
        - [fibonacci](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/algorithms/math/fibonacci.py)
    - `searching/`
        - [binary_search](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/algorithms/searching/binary_search.py)
        - [binary_search_left_bound](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/algorithms/searching/binary_search_left_bound.py)
        - [linear_search](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/algorithms/searching/linear_search.py)
    - `sorting/`
        - [bubble_sort](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/algorithms/sorting/bubble_sort.py)
        - [heap_sort](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/algorithms/sorting/heap_sort.py)
        - [insertion_sort](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/algorithms/sorting/insertion_sort.py)
        - [quick_sort](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/algorithms/sorting/quick_sort.py)
        - [selection_sort](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/algorithms/sorting/selection_sort.py)
- `data_structures/`
    - `arrays/`
        - [circular_array](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/data_structures/arrays/circular_array.py)
        - [dynamic_array](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/data_structures/arrays/dynamic_array.py)
    - `hash_maps`
        - [chain_hash_map](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/data_structures/hash_maps/chain_hash_map.py)
        - [linear_probing_hash_map](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/data_structures/hash_maps/linear_probing_hash_map.py)
        - [sorted_table_map](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/data_structures/hash_maps/sorted_table_map.py)
        - [unsorted_table_map](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/data_structures/hash_maps/unsorted_table_map.py)
    - `heaps`
        - [array_based_binary_heap](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/data_structures/heaps/array_based_binary_heap.py)
    - `linked_lists/`
        - [doubly_linked_list](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/data_structures/linked_lists/doubly_linked_list.py)
        - [singly_linked_list](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/data_structures/linked_lists/singly_linked_list.py)
    - `queues/`
        - [array_based_queue](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/data_structures/queues/array_based_queue.py)
        - [circular_array_based_queue](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/data_structures/queues/circular_array_based_queue.py)
        - [doubly_linked_list_based_deque](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/data_structures/queues/doubly_linked_list_based_deque.py)
        - [heap_based_priority_queue](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/data_structures/queues/heap_based_priority_queue.py)
        - [linked_list_based_queue](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/data_structures/queues/linked_list_based_queue.py)
    - `sets/`
        - [mutable_set](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/data_structures/sets/mutable_set.py)
    - `stacks/`
        - [array_based_stack](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/data_structures/stacks/array_based_stack.py)
        - [linked_list_based_stack](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/data_structures/stacks/linked_list_based_stack.py)
    - `trees/`
        - [binary_search_tree](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/data_structures/trees/binary_search_tree.py)
        - [binary_tree_serialization](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/data_structures/trees/binary_tree_serialization.py)
- `problems/`
    - [add_two_numbers](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/add_two_numbers.py) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-two-numbers/)
    - [balanced_binary_tree](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/balanced_binary_tree.py) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/balanced-binary-tree/)
    - [best_time_to_buy_and_sell_stock](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/best_time_to_buy_and_sell_stock.py) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock/)
    - [big_countries](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/big_countries.sql) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/big-countries/)
    - [binary_tree_inorder_traversal](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/binary_tree_inorder_traversal.py) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-inorder-traversal/)
    - [binary_tree_level_order_traversal](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/binary_tree_level_order_traversal.py) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-level-order-traversal/)
    - [binary_tree_postorder_traversal](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/binary_tree_postorder_traversal.py) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-postorder-traversal/)
    - [binary_tree_preorder_traversal](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/binary_tree_preorder_traversal.py) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-preorder-traversal/)
    - [check_completeness_of_a_binary_tree](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/check_completeness_of_a_binary_tree.py) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/check-completeness-of-a-binary-tree/)
    - [container_with_most_water](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/container_with_most_water.py) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/container-with-most-water/)
    - [contains_duplicate](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/contains_duplicate.py) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/contains-duplicate/)
    - [fibonacci_number](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/fibonacci_number.py) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/fibonacci-number/)
    - [find_minimum_in_rotated_sorted_array](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/find_minimum_in_rotated_sorted_array.py) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-minimum-in-rotated-sorted-array/)
    - [fizz_buzz](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/fizz_buzz.py) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/fizz-buzz/)
    - [group_anagrams](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/group_anagrams.py) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/group-anagrams/)
    - [implement_strstr](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/implement_strstr.py) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/implement-strstr/)
    - [invert_binary_tree](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/invert_binary_tree.py) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/invert-binary-tree/)
    - [is_subsequence](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/is_subsequence.py) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/is-subsequence/)
    - [linked_list_cycle](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/linked_list_cycle.py) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/linked-list-cycle/)
    - [maximum_depth_of_binary_tree](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/maximum_depth_of_binary_tree.py) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-depth-of-binary-tree/)
    - [maximum_product_subarray](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/maximum_product_subarray.py) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-product-subarray/)
    - [maximum_subarray](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/maximum_subarray.py) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-subarray/)
    - [merge_intervals](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/merge_intervals.py) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-intervals/)
    - [nth_highest_salary](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/nth_highest_salary.sql) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/nth-highest-salary/)
    - [product_of_array_except_self](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/product_of_array_except_self.py) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/product-of-array-except-self/)
    - [rank_scores](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/rank_scores.sql) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/rank-scores/)
    - [remove_nth_node_from_end_of_list](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/remove_nth_node_from_end_of_list.py) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-nth-node-from-end-of-list/)
    - [reverse_integer](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/reverse_integer.py) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-integer/)
    - [reverse_linked_list](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/reverse_linked_list.py) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-linked-list/)
    - [same_tree](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/same_tree.py) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/same-tree/)
    - [search_in_a_binary_search_tree](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/search_in_a_binary_search_tree.py) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/search-in-a-binary-search-tree/)
    - [second_highest_salary](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/second_highest_salary.sql) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/second-highest-salary/)
    - [serialize_and_deserialize_binary_tree](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/serialize_and_deserialize_binary_tree.py) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/serialize-and-deserialize-binary-tree/)
    - [sock_merchant](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/sock_merchant.py) from [HackerRank](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/sock-merchant/problem)
    - [subsets](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/subsets.py) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/subsets/)
    - [task_scheduler](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/task_scheduler.py) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/task-scheduler/)
    - [three_sum](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/three_sum.py) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/3sum/)
    - [top_k_frequent_elements](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/top_k_frequent_elements.py) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/top-k-frequent-elements/)
    - [tree_height_of_a_binary_tree](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/tree_height_of_a_binary_tree.py) from [HackerRank](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/tree-height-of-a-binary-tree/problem)
    - [tree_top_view](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/tree_top_view.py) from [HackerRank](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/tree-top-view/problem)
    - [two_sum](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/two_sum.py) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/)
    - [valid_anagram](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/valid_anagram.py) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-anagram/)
    - [valid_parentheses](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/valid_parentheses.py) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-parentheses/)
    - [validate_binary_search_tree](https://github.com/vinta/fuck-coding-interviews/blob/master/problems/validate_binary_search_tree.py) from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/validate-binary-search-tree/)

## Tests

```bash
# Install packages
$ pip install -U pip poetry
$ poetry install

# Run tests
$ poetry run pytest --benchmark-skip
```

And no, you shouldn't use `pipenv` anymore. Actually, the plain old `requirements.txt` with `virtualenv` is good enough in most of the situations.

## Bugs

If you find any bug or poor implementation in this repo, please let me know by opening an issue or pull request. Me and my cats would appreciate your help since they provide some random strings which are used in two of test cases.

## Resources

### Books

- [Grokking Algorithms](https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/grokking-algorithms-an/9781617292231/)
- [A Common-Sense Guide to Data Structures and Algorithms](https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/a-common-sense-guide/9781680502794/)
- [Data Structures and Algorithms in Python](https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/data-structures-and/9781118290279/)
- [Cracking the Coding Interview](http://www.crackingthecodinginterview.com/)

### Websites

- [Tech Interview Handbook](https://yangshun.github.io/tech-interview-handbook/)
- [Visualize Python Code Execution](http://www.pythontutor.com/live.html#mode=edit)
